Jeffrey Lund

1. What problem did the authors try to solve?

The authors are trying to solve the problem of automatically labeling mature
content in app stores.

2. Why is the problem significant to solve in the first place?

The problem is significant because self-reported labels (such as the Google
Play store) can be misleading, and manually assigned labels (such as the Apple
Store) can be time consuming and costly. With automatic labels, parents can
more easily ensure that children are not exposed to mature content without
parental guidance or approval.

3. What is the methodology the authors have adopted in solving the problem?

The authors first employ word2vec in order to find highly sensitive words. For
example, if a word has high cosine similarity with "sex", it is likely a word
indicative of sexual content. The then use these extracted feature with a
linear SVM to perform multi-label classification.

4. Is the performance evaluation of the proposed solution technically sound
and complete? Explain why.

The authors evaluate their approach against some other approaches designed
specifically for app maturity rating (e.g., ALM, MCC). They measure statistics
like precision and recall. I think the evaluation is sound, although I am
curious whether or not their 85% precision is enough to make this a reliable
system for parents to use in real life.

5. Do you have any questions regarding the paper? If so, list them.

Minor nit pick - in the intro they say that "teenagers who are exposed to
content that glamorizes drug use, sex, or violence tend to engage in those
activities themselves." They cite three articles, but they only deal with
sexual behavior, not violence or drug use, making this claim in this paper
misleading since they have no source to back up 2 of the 3 parts of this claim.
I'd be curious to see if exposure to violence or drug use in media really does
lead to increased violence or drug use. I wouldn't be surprised if there is a
correlation, but I wouldn't be surprised if there wasn't a correlation as
well.

I'm also suspicious of their choice for SVM for classification on short text.
Their citation justifying the choice of SVM is quite old (2008), so it can't
possibly take advantage of recent advances in deep learning, despite the fact
that the authors are clearly aware of deep learning literature since they use
word2vec for feature extraction.
